feat(call-apply): Implemented call apply Pipes (#53)
nartc/ngxtension-platform: docs/src/content/docs/utilities/call-apply.md

---
title: call apply Pipes
description: ngxtension/call-apply
---

> `callPipe` and `applyPipe` are simple standalone pipes that simplify the calling of a PURE functions passing params to it, they take advantage of the "memoization" offerd by pure pipes in Angular, and enforces that you use them only with PURE functions (aka if you use this inside the body function they throws error!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`callPipe` and `applyPipe` are simple standalone pipes that simplify the calling of PURE functions passing params to it; they take advantage of the "memoization" offered by pure pipes in Angular, and ensure that you use them only with PURE functions (aka if you use this inside the body function they throw errors!)
```

Author: Sorry for my bad english...

Reviewer: No worries!

```ts
import { CallPipe, ApplyPipe } from 'ngxtension/if-validation';
```

## Usage

> Both `CallPipe` and `ApplyPipe` need a PURE function or method to invoke (aka you can't use `this` in the function body), the difference between the two is only in that invocation order and that `|call` is sutable only for funciton with 1-param, instead `|apply` works for function with any number of params.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `CallPipe` and `ApplyPipe` need a PURE function or method to invoke (aka you can't use `this` in the function body), the difference between the two is only in that invocation order and that `|call` is suitable only for function with 1-param, instead `|apply` works for function with any number of params.
```

Author: and my fat fingers (typo)
